README.md, before:

# Countdown-Timer
A responsive countdown timer built with HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. Users can set any future date and time with a custom event name, and the app displays the remaining days, hours, minutes, and seconds in real time. Perfect for tracking birthdays, exams, or special occasions.
# ⏳ Countdown Timer

A simple and responsive countdown timer built with **HTML, CSS, and JavaScript**.  
Users can enter a custom event name and select a date/time, and the app will display a live countdown in days, hours, minutes, and seconds.

---

## ✨ Features
- Custom event name input
- Date & time picker
- Live countdown updates every second
- Responsive design with background image
- Automatic reset when time is up

---

## 📂 Tech Stack
- **HTML5** – structure  
- **CSS3** – styling & layout  
- **JavaScript (Vanilla)** – timer logic  

---

## 🚀 How to Use
1. Clone this repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/your-username/countdown-timer.git
Open index.html in your browser.

Type in your event name, choose a date/time, and hit Submit.

Watch the countdown begin 🎉.
<img width="1448" height="758" alt="Screenshot 2025-08-20 at 11 50 48 PM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/58084092-b618-4403-814e-6b0fadc2d025" />

Commit message:

Adding link
Hosted this website

README.md, after:

# Countdown-Timer
A responsive countdown timer built with HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. Users can set any future date and time with a custom event name, and the app displays the remaining days, hours, minutes, and seconds in real time. Perfect for tracking birthdays, exams, or special occasions.
## Live demo
https://kanper0205.github.io/Countdown-Timer/(click on this link,to use the timer)
# ⏳ Countdown Timer

A simple and responsive countdown timer built with **HTML, CSS, and JavaScript**.  
Users can enter a custom event name and select a date/time, and the app will display a live countdown in days, hours, minutes, and seconds.

---

## ✨ Features
- Custom event name input
- Date & time picker
- Live countdown updates every second
- Responsive design with background image
- Automatic reset when time is up

---

## 📂 Tech Stack
- **HTML5** – structure  
- **CSS3** – styling & layout  
- **JavaScript (Vanilla)** – timer logic  

---

## 🚀 How to Use
1. Clone this repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/your-username/countdown-timer.git
Open index.html in your browser.

Type in your event name, choose a date/time, and hit Submit.

Watch the countdown begin 🎉.
<img width="1448" height="758" alt="Screenshot 2025-08-20 at 11 50 48 PM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/58084092-b618-4403-814e-6b0fadc2d025" />
